Okay.
So super quick lesson here.
We are moving right along on our journey to convert our code base to TypeScript and we are focusing
first on all of the Vex related functionality in our store directory.
So one of the simplest files here is our constants that Yes.
File where we have all of our constants for things like getters, actions, mutations, etc..
So let's go ahead and move this file to TypeScript as well.
So right here, right click and we're going to rename it and change the extension to.
Yes, there we go.
And you can see there are no violations in this file.
And now if I hover my mouse over one of these constants, you can see that TypeScript recognizes that
it's not just a string, but a constant string set to a fixed value.
All right.
Pretty simple.
Files like these are always super fun to do, and that's all there is to cover here.
So I'll see you in the next lesson.